well with me now is Bishop Angelus the
general Bishop of the Coptic Orthodox
Church in the United Kingdom welcome to
the program do you have a sense of why
these Christians may have been targeted
or is it is it just really part of a
general targeting of anybody who appears
to be opposed to the ethos of Islamic
state unfortunately of seeing a
targeting of so many people from from
aid workers to Muslims and lots of
capacities these people are said to be
targeted in in the dash statement for
being part of a Coptic crusade that has
been victimizing and forcefully
converting women Egypt which of course
is completely ludicrous and has never
been the case do they have adequate
representation if you were to say that
the Coptic Christians obviously are
Egyptians but what is the is the
Egyptian government as the family's
suspect not adequately supportive I
think what we need to realize is that at
Libya as a state with its own
difficulties at the moment we have
received notification from the Egyptian
government and I've also met the Libyan
ambassador here in London and from both
sides were being told that everything is
being done to try to free them I think
what we see the pictures we've seen are
a bittersweet at least we know they're
alive and at least we know there is
still hope of maybe something happening
but with the threat of taking their
lives and the images of them being
paraded in the unfortunately all too
well known orange jumpsuits now means
it's something may be imminent
previously when the captives are
themselves Muslims religious arguments
used what religious argument might you
try to use to the Capitals in this
particular instance I'd like to look at
the humanity of the issue in the vast
majority of Muslims in this country or
around the world will say that this is
not anything to do with Islam and I
think that voice coming within Islam to
these people who are using Islam would
be the most would be the most notable
and there's an element in these report
of dehumanizing and quantifying people
they become commodities of trade or
barter and I'm hoping that people within
those organizations may be watching
right now and if we tell them that these
21 people not just Crusaders or infidels
they are people who have families who
have real stories and who are human just
as they are what are they doing in Libya
they are as as your report said because
of economic pressures knee-jerk they're
usually from quite modest families from
Upper Egypt and villages who are
breadwinners who go and they work in the
construction industry and earn money to
support their families back in Egypt
they should hang out us thank you very
much indeed thank you